Add 3-body interactions to AutoPas and md-flexible with a Direct Sum and LC_C01 traversal (#751)
AutoPas/AutoPas: docs/userdoc/CustomApplications.md

This could be achieved via the introduction of an indicator member in your particle class e.g. `typeId` or having the class itself contain the fields for all types.

## Custom Functors
The functor is a class that defines the interaction of particles, also sometimes referred to as the force kernel. 
AutoPas supports pairwise interactions as well as interactions between triplets of particles.
For compatibility, your functor must inherit from either [`PairwiseFunctor`](https://github.com/AutoPas/AutoPas/blob/master/src/autopas/baseFunctors/PairwiseFunctor.h) or [`TriwiseFunctor`](https://github.com/AutoPas/AutoPas/blob/master/src/autopas/baseFunctors/TriwiseFunctor.h).

> This class defines how to calculate and store the interactions, as well as some properties of the calculation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These classes suggest how to calculate and store the interactions, as well as some properties of the calculation.
```

This could be achieved via the introduction of an indicator member in your particle class e.g. `typeId` or having the class itself contain the fields for all types.

## Custom Functors
The functor is a class that defines the interaction of particles, also sometimes referred to as the force kernel. 
AutoPas supports pairwise interactions as well as interactions between triplets of particles.
For compatibility, your functor must inherit from either [`PairwiseFunctor`](https://github.com/AutoPas/AutoPas/blob/master/src/autopas/baseFunctors/PairwiseFunctor.h) or [`TriwiseFunctor`](https://github.com/AutoPas/AutoPas/blob/master/src/autopas/baseFunctors/TriwiseFunctor.h).

> These classes suggest how to calculate and store the interactions, as well as some properties of the calculation.

Reviewer 2: This was suggested by Fabio here: https://github.com/AutoPas/AutoPas/pull/751#discussion_r1662881199
I'm also not sure what difference this is meant to imply.

> These classes suggest how to calculate and store the interactions, as well as some properties of the calculation.

Reviewer: The user can do whatever they want in their functors. E.g. in LADDS we use the functors only for the collision checking and only store pointers to those debris pieces that actually interact (aka collide). Afterwards, all these collisions are resolved outside of the functor.

Hence, in my opinion, our functors only define an interface for the pairwise traversal. The actual interaction is completely up to the user.
